From bachale at econ.uni-hamburg.de  Mon Mar  8 09:53:49 2010
From: bachale at econ.uni-hamburg.de (Bachale)
Date: Mon, 8 Mar 2010 09:53:49 +0100
Subject: [Ometah-main] CfP HICSS 2011
Message-ID: <201003080853.o288reR7054390@rzaixsrv2.rrz.uni-hamburg.de>


Apologies for cross-postings
--------------------------------------------------


Call for Papers

HICSS-44: Minitrack Proposal (within DT):

"Intelligent Decision Support for Logistics and Supply Chain Management"

Part of the Decision Technologies and Service Sciences Track

FORTY-Fourth ANNUAL HAWAI'I INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON SYSTEM SCIENCES
(HICSS-44)

January 4-7, 2011 (Tuesday ? Friday)

Grand Hyatt Kauai Resort and Spa

 
	

Minitrack Co-Chairs
Andreas Fink, Helmut-Schmidt-University Hamburg, Germany 	Hans-J?rgen
Sebastian, RWTH Aachen University, Germany  	Stefan Vo?, University of
Hamburg, Germany   (primary contact person)

 

Topics description (less than 50 words)

The minitrack features theoretical developments, real-world applications and
software solutions related to solving decision problems in logistics and
supply chain management. Methods include optimization, heuristics and
meta-heuristics, simulation, agent technologies, and descriptive methods.

 

Minitrack Description

This minitrack is a continuation of the successful minitrack ?Intelligent
Decision Support for (e-)Logistics and Supply Chain Management? of HICSS-36
through HICSS-43. In each case accepted papers were usually being presented
in two or three sessions and an open forum on future issues of e-Logistics
took place. The sessions were always attended by 15 to 20 people with an
exception in 2005 where attendance was somewhat higher at about 20-25.
Attendance of 2010 is still open but expected to be n the same line as
before.

Information technology (IT) is a prerequisite for successful supply chain
management (SCM) today and will become even more so in near future. The
logistics and SCM field is developing very dynamically. Business-to-business
transactions are made via the Internet and enterprise resource planning
(ERP) systems that manage the transactional information within the
enterprise. While IT systems are vital components in supply chains, their
successful management rests on intelligent and coordinated decision making
throughout the logistics network. Intelligent decision support using
advanced decision technologies are becoming increasingly important in
logistics and SCM. Data warehouses and data mining can be used to store and
analyze product, inventory, and sales information. Simulation and
optimization, which can be found in advanced planning and scheduling
systems, can be employed for, e.g., inventory, production, procurement, and
distribution planning. Intelligent agents can e.g. communicate with
different partners in the supply chain, assist in collecting information,
share product information, negotiate prices, and distribute alerts
throughout the logistics networks. The design and implementation of
intelligent decision technologies to support human agents in logistics and
SCM is a very active field in research, consulting and software development.
Many such technologies or systems have been implemented recently or are
currently in the stage of implementation. We do, therefore, believe that
this minitrack will be recognized by both the scientific community and
practitioners developing or using logistics and SCM solutions.

We aim again at organizing a minitrack consisting of two or three sessions
depending on the number of high quality submissions. We seek papers dealing
with decision technologies which contribute to intelligent decision support
in the whole field of logistics and in particular in all categories of SCM.
This includes but is not restricted to simulation, optimization, heuristics,
metaheuristics, agent technologies, descriptive models, data warehousing,
and data mining. We are especially interested in real-world applications and
in software solutions which assist in solving decision problems. This is
extended towards, e.g., advanced planning systems and the intelligent use of
enterprise resource planning systems. Also conceptual ideas, reports on
projects in progress, and case studies are welcome. Moreover, teaching cases
both at the university as well as the executive level may be of interest.

 

Information about Minitrack Co-Chairs

 

The bio-sketch of all co-chairs should already be available in connection
with past HICSS minitracks.

 

Prof. Dr. Andreas Fink

Helmut-Schmidt-University Hamburg

Institute of Computer Science, Faculty of Economics and Social Sciences

Holstenhofweg 85, 22043 Hamburg, Germany

phone: +49-40-6541-2857,

email: andreas.fink at hsu-hamburg.de

 
	  	

Prof. Dr. Hans-J?rgen Sebastian

RWTH Aachen University

Department of Operations Research and Logistics Management

Templergraben 64, 52062 Aachen, Germany

phone: +49 241 80 9 61 85,

fax: +49 241 8092-168,

email: sebastian at or.rwth-aachen.de

 
	  	

Prof. Dr. Stefan Vo?

University of Hamburg

Institute of Information Systems (IWI)

Von-Melle-Park 5, 20146 Hamburg, Germany

phone: +49-40-42838-3062,

fax: +49-40-42838-5535,

email: stefan.voss at uni-hamburg.de

 

 

 

Statements of support of our universities

The RWTH Aachen endorses the involvement and attendance of Prof. Dr.
Hans-J?rgen Sebastian in HICSS-44 and has the infrastructure to support that
involvement as described in the list giving the responsibilities of
minitrack chairs. The University of Hamburg and the
Helmut-Schmidt-University agree to the involvement and attendance of Prof.
Dr. Stefan Vo? as well as Prof. Dr. Andreas Fink at HICSS-44 and have the
infrastructure to support that involvement regarding the responsibilities of
minitrack chairs.

 

 

HICSS-44 SCHEDULE:

June 15, 2010 	submission deadline
August 15, 2010 	REVIEW PROCESS: Notification

 

Authors submit papers for review in publication format to the Peer Review
site, according to the instructions posted on the HICSS web site.

Please see also:
http://iwi.econ.uni-hamburg.de/IWIWeb/Default.aspx?tabid=1145



